Make a great option if you want a marketing some marketing with emails and for example you can click
it on pricing and you will find that the new business have a free plan.
The plan is great to start the subscriptions to you remain.
And the grants is throwing your you can increase your plan to the different options that they cap.
So let's remove these and get on the Web site that we're really you can see we have subscribed in years
later and that's just to disclose if these people can live to day remains.
And we're going to send some special promos.
This is something that's really come on and this is great if you're building your website for your business.
Send in a special promos to your doors.
YOU SOMETHING GREAT.
Is something really great.
So here I have the manging website.
You have a ready access and it's always a good idea to create a new list and I'm going to click on the
list.
And for it I'm going see it on your list so create the list.
And I'm going to give these list a name.
So what I'm going to call these when asked by and from Caloocan are they the fall out is so for example
when you send an e-mail.
This is the other is that it's going to be displayed for the visitors and when I have my web site my
made and then you can use her name and I'm going to copy and paste you can I that remind there.
Where did you get the e-mails for your visitors.
And in this case I'm going to not on me and I'm going to say these.
The important part is the sign up form.
So here you can you can see we have the and as badly as we have created these days.
And then when I click on sign or forms and here you have some options.
So for example you have the gender forms we have the embedded forms and we have also the subscribe button
up.
In this case they embed forms out of the ones that we're going to use.
You can see this one generates the Milko and something that we can copy and paste in your web site.
But again I said Look here.
And here you have some options you have the classic suppressed Leam or isn't that for the purpose of
this example.
There is Santal is the one that we're going to use.
But feel free to use any of these options that suites better in your design.
So you can see that we have subscribed to the newsletters.
We're going to change these to their newsletter and that's what we have access to exclusive.
That's why we're going to change that with the code in the next video.
And you can see that we that is right here.
So we're going to copy everything.
Now you can click here and copy this code open at them and then when I close these and I scroll to the
bottom and then when I I've display MailChimp in the home page but this will display the many Cimino
the pages I'm going to show you how to display these on the on the page in the upcoming Beebe's if you
open the front in and you click here on simply show hooks.
You can see that in our design.
Again we have the same problem that we have put right here.
We need to expand the the color to the edges.
And if you look to the campaign we need to have the same estimate that we had is right here.
But if you scroll to the bottom here before the food you will find these storefront from hour before
food.
What are going to use this hook.
So we're going up an Adam function or Nusbaum display main CIM form and we're going that close BHB right
here and up in BHB again right here.
And I'm going to paste that gold right there.
Why don't I fix this up in the next video.
So next one going out of action and what are going to copy these stuff from before for comma and then
we pass in the name of this function the priority by the full extent.
And this one doesn't have anything hook right here.
So we're going our past is empty so now we can't reload and stop showing hooks
and you can see that we can subscribe to the newsletter.
This is working.
Now you can fill the form and click on subscribe by the minutes we are going to show you how to style
that form to look something like this.